(1)
In the single plot I see a very predictable upward trend as our runs increase in size. The smaller tests (100-500) took less than a second. With each new run, as our matrices got bigger the execution time increased proportionally. At the largest run of 1000x1000 matrices, it takes about 7.5 seconds. In comparison, the multi plot shows that all trials took between 9.3 and 9.9 seconds. Thinking back on our discussions this week, this makes sense. Since the processes are running simultaneously, the OS is divvying up resources to allow all to run at the same time (or, seem like they are). This explains why all the processes finish around the same time (within 0.6 of a second) as well as have a higher execution time overall, when compared to the single plot.

(2)
Comparing the plot-taskset to the plot-multi, I notice some key changes. First, the overall execution times are slightly higher. In multi, execution times vary but stay within the range of 13.7-14.2 seconds; comparatively, the taskset executions take 14.88-15.04 seconds. Over time, I notice that the behavior of taskset has a downward slope over each run. The multi output on the other hand bounces back and forth between upwards and downward trajectories. Because the processes are all being handled on one CPU in the taskset case, the OS is not able to allocate its many CPUs to handle the tasks more efficiently. We can also see that the CPU usage is lower on taskset than on multi, because we are only using one CPU to complete the processes.

(3)
The nice plot has an interesting behavior. The way I wrote my program, the first half of the processes are normal priority, and the second half are low priority. There is definitely a shift in the graph at this halfway point, and execution times start taking less time after the halfway point. The first half compares with the multi graph, looking very similar to its behavior. I would assume based on the plot that the low-priority tasks are giving way for higher-priority tasks to be completed first in this scenario.

